create the gke cluster (#30)
Zenika/labs-tooling: README.md

Each directory contains a tool or a guide with a corresponding README.

Pull requests are welcome!

# GCP

> TO deploy the infrasctructure with kubenetes we need:

Reviewer: **nitpick**

Plusieurs typo : 

```suggestion
To deploy the infrastructure with kubernetes we need :
```

**question**

Pourquoi c'est en anglais ?

Author: Le projet existe déjà, et les quelques lignes du README sont en anglais :)

* Create the service account 

> gcloud services enable container.googleapis.com  --project=zenika-labs

Reviewer: **suggestion**

Le mettre en block code

gcloud services enable compute.googleapis.com --project=zenika-labs
gcloud services enable serviceusage.googleapis.com --project=zenika-labs
gcloud services enable iam.googleapis.com --project=zenika-labs

> Service Usage API

Reviewer: **suggestion**

Faire un vrai lien (`[aaa](http://example.com)`)
